you know on some level that you have the
capacity to be one of the world's best
doom scrollers. What I'm going to do in
this video is tell you my story of how I
got there so that you can follow in my
footsteps and
hopefully break my record of doom
scrolling. I'm talking elite
level. When I was young, I was raised by
an alcoholic father and a mother who
really catered to his needs and didn't
cater to my needs. And this left me with
this feeling of like not enoughness,
just this like, oh man, I'm not good
enough. And I tried different things to
avoid it. You know, I tried television
and I tried porn, I tried drugs, I tried
drinking, but all of them there was like
this limitation like I couldn't use porn
all day long and I couldn't like eat all
day long and I couldn't drink all day
long. And so there was this way in which
I had to face that shame even if it was
just a little bit instead of avoid the
shame. And luckily I was just born in a
generation where doom scrolling was just
coming in
online and you could kind of do it with
a computer. But then the phone showed up
and we are calling
it iPhone and you could doom scroll all
day long. you could just be in there
doom scrolling, avoiding for hours and
hours and hours at a time. And so I got
pretty good at it. You know, I could do
2 3 in the morning, but then I'd fall
asleep and I could start, you know, as
soon as I came home from work, but I was
still working. I wasn't like I wasn't
going I wasn't going to the big leagues.
So I realized there was a couple things
that I had to do. First of all, I had to
stop exercising.
When I did the research, what I found
out was that the dopamine uh that you
get from doom doom scrolling that if I
got that dopamine from other places, I
wasn't going to doom scroll as much. So,
I had to stop like any kind of the
exercising and meditation and anything
like that. I had to let that go. And
then the other thing that happened was
like one day I was just doom scrolling
and I realized, oh, I'm not the only
person who's, you know, doom scrolling.
There's other people. This isn't this
isn't personal to me. this is something
that's like this is just the way humans
are built on some level and and in that
moment there was some forgiveness and
then I didn't want to doom scroll. I was
like, "Oh, wait a second." And that
that's when I recognized that if I
actually am not in shame around it, then
I'm less likely to doom scroll. That the
whole thing of like what really drives
me to doom scroll is that I don't want
to
feel like bad about myself. And then the
more I doom scroll, the more I feel bad
about myself. So the more reason I have
to doom scroll so that I don't have to
feel bad about myself. So it was like
this massive epiphany that any kind of
self forgiveness isn't going to work.
any kind of exercise isn't going to
work. And then like to get to that top
1% I had this secondary epiphany which
is that I can never be fixed. I can
never actually like I am so broken that
there is nothing that can be done about
it. And so my only option is to avoid
that feeling of brokenness. But I have
to tell you that's a lot harder than it
sounds. It's a lot harder than it
sounds. And the reason that it's harder
than it sounds is because to think that
you're completely broken means that you
have to be unique to all other people.
So you can say, "Oh, I'm broken because
my dad was an alcoholic." But yeah,
there's tons of people's dad was an
alcoholic. And you can say, "Oh, I'm
broken because I uh I'm I doom scroll 6
hours." But tons of people doom scroll 6
hours. So you have to get in there and
really find something about yourself.
And if you do it, what you'll find out
is that there's actually nothing about
you that's that unique compared to other
people. So you have to like it's a
little bit of a trick. What you do is
what I call cognitive dissonance. You
basically get depressed enough because
you're not taking care of yourself
enough so that when that depression
hits, you think two things. One is you
think this is never going to get better.
That's important. And two is that it's
your fault.
And then you can walk walk around and
go, "Oh my god, nobody else is is quite
as depressed." Well, at least most
people aren't quite as depressed as me.
And then the people who are as depressed
as me, I don't see them because I'm in a
room doom scrolling all the time. And
like nobody makes YouTube videos like,
"I'm so depressed. I'm so depressed." So
you can literally convince yourself
through cognitive dissonance that you
are the only one in this position. And
then that wo boom next level of doom
scrolling.
So the other thing that you want to do
is you want to have like uh all the
sound all the notifications on for the
phone and
then any chance that you can be
distracted into your phone will lead to
more doom scrolling. Couple like pro
moves on that is anytime anybody says
anything check to see if it's true
online. like go to chat GBT, go to
anything, check the weather online, and
then you can immediately fall into like
you want every opportunity to fall into
your phone that you can possibly create
so that if for whatever reason you're
distracted out of the doom scrolling and
you're like, "Oh, wait, there's life out
there." Bingop, right back into the
phone. So, that is incredibly useful.
Again, I'm going to say it out loud. All
these things are like they're nice,
they're useful, they're helpful, but
they're not the real big thing. The real
big thing is that you have to feel like
you're broken. Think of it this way.
Like if you're an elite level NBA
player, you have to at some level like a
Michael Jordan, they have to think that
they're the best. This is the same
thing. If you want to be a professional
level doomscroller, you have to think
you're the worst. That's what you got to
do. And if you do that, you could become
like me and become a professional level
Doomcroller. That's the thrust of the
video, but I want to give you an
experiment that you can walk away with
that will make you one of the world's
best doom scrollers. Hold on a second. I
want you to write down all the things
that are wrong with you. So, if you
write on the list and you're like, "Oh,
I'm depressed." That's great. But you
want it specific. So, it's like, "I'm
depressed because my mom hated me
because I had a buck tooth and I still
do." Or like, "I have a really big
forehead." That's a good that I use that
one personally. That's a great one to
use. So, you want something that's
specific to how you are broken in at
least 50 times. And I think that will
help you find the way to really see
yourself as just not good enough in an
essential level rather than just a you
know human level. Are we done? Great.
Awesome.